Send them the link to vscode and files before and ask them to install it!

###

First Introduction of yourself and participants 

Explain web development. 

Quickly explain html and css, then start coding the first website.

Open the folder they downloaded in VSCode.

After creating the file directly select html in VSCode that it will be saved as .html.

Then start coding. Headings, p, image, add a link, add a style.

After finishing with the website make short recap of HTML and CSS with the slides.

Break

###

With the example website show them the structure of seperating the files. 

Then show the html structure with head and body. 

Let them change the footer, let them add a topping, let them change the title and retheme what they want. Ask them what they want to do.

Make a slide with some fun css commands, for them to try out. 

Along the line show them the inspect function and also comments.

Then onto programming. Explain that it is a way of thinking and that learning a language is then only the extension of this way of thinking.

Explain variables and conditions then make image slider example.

If time go over loops and functions.

Show them some examples.

Tell them how to proceed: Do it yourself, online tutorials, inspect.

Then Info Session

###

Goals:  
    Show them that creating a website is not hard: done with creating it.
    Give them ways of expanding their knowledge: done with example and tutorials and inspect
    Keep them engaged, let them explore: done with giving them the option to choose, needs to be done, example css commands slide.
    Give them a solid foundation to continue their excurses in programming: done, I think so.
    Get them interested in Powercoders: Done, especially if past participant is present and can tell their experience.
    Don't confuse them: See do and dont
        
Do
    Keep it simple.
    Explain what you are doing at the moment.
    If you explain something always something new, show them (This is especially for the structure part)


Dont
    No knowledge questions.
    Don't be to fast.
    Don't introduce something without giving the goal

